Get inputs to post to the database. - Done
Create the NAV Bar.  NAV bar items should bring user to an input screen
    where you put the parameters (date(s)) of the dashboard you want. - NAV Bar Created

Create analysis section that will display on both the Home page and daily page.  - Done

Create Daily dashboard page.

1. Clicking on "Daily" NavBar should bring up an input of parameters screen
 (perhaps a popup?).  Done.  But the date I input doesn't do anything yet.  
 2. Add form to accept the date wanted.  Done
 3. Submission of form should render a new EJS page with Daily Analysis for 
    day selected.  Renders the Daily Analysis page and data format, 
    but needs to take into consideration the date input and render that specific information.  
    Might need to reassess what the monthly and annual figures are to do on this screen.  
4.  Add a "Home" navigation link onto the page.  



Test Data (5/6/23)
January - 2 dates, multiple items on each day. - Done
February - same - Done
March - same - Done
April - same, + 4/30 data for weekly crossing over monthend.
    multiple items in same week, not crossing over monthend, for weekly testing. - Done
May - Multiple days, multiple items.  First week items.  5/8 - Done

Use 3 different event types:  PHP, Javascript, do.com


What I need to send to the Weekly Analysis Page: 
1.  Start date - Done.  Future daylight savings may be an issue. 
2.  End date - Done.  Future daylight savings may be an issue.
3.  Weekly Total - Done
4.  Activity Array - Done

Monthly Analysis page
1. The month title - Done
2. Monthly Total - Done
3. Monthly Total % - Done
4. Monthly expected Total - Done
5. Monthly expected % - maybe not necessary.
6. Minutes behind - Done
7. Activities - Done

Minimum Viable Product:
1. Get Monthly page working.  - Done
2. Monthly page - Totals and catchup figures work. NA - on the Home page.
3. Get Yearly page up and running. - Done
4. Yearly page - Totals and minutes behind. - Done
5. Yearly page - Show monthly figures separately with %s. - Done
6. Update data with real data.
7. Test against excel; continue to parallel. 

Yearly Page
1.  Title = "Annual Summary - 2023" - Done; just "2023"
2.  List Jan-Dec with total minutes and %.  - Done
3.  Annual Minutes +/-.  Not going to do here;
4.  Minutes behind.  Get it on the Yearly Page.  - Done



Defects/Issues:
Home Page: Controls to the "Add" button.  Make it so you can't double click (add twice).  Reset the input fields to empty.
Daily Analysis - each day shows up as the prior day.  1st day shows as prior month. 
Try to adjust the input date (req.body.input) by 4 hours.  Is it just the display name?

Daily Analysis Results:  Correct data.  Date displayed is the prior date.  
Weekly Analysis Page: Dates displayed are correct.  Data chops off the first day 
    data, adds the next day data(the 8th day).
Monthly Analysis Page:  January Data is in.  Date displays correctly.




Crashes when there is no data.  Needs to be able to handle empty data sets.  
